the proven reliability of the legendary
Glocks safe action pistol has been
renowned for decades prior tests
although spectacular were conducted
under old style tab laboratory
conditions the advancements of the glock
engineering and research unit have
resulted in a new dimension of function
and safety testing this is to ensure
that in the most extreme situations that
a potential user may encounter he can be
rest assured
but the galaxy faction pistol will once
again withstand all extremities and
function flawlessly now experience for
yourself are a test person achieving the
impossible and remember please don't try
this at home
[Music]
start all Glock systems all systems go
Schwarz free-climbed estimates
[Music]
visualize exclusive target
initialise underwater test sequence
[Music]
you
Glock perfection for professionals